 
 Note the important difference between the first saccade and the refixations:
	 The first fixation is the result of peripheral visual processing, whereas the refixations are results of foveal processing. 
	 Another things that makes calling the first effect low-level, non-semantic, and the second one semantic, is that we can't exclude the possibility that landing on the center of gravity is also semantic. A way to test this would be to investigate how initial landing position influences further object processing as measured by RT, number of refixations, total gaze duration and initial-fixation duration (cf OVP studies). The critical question would be whether the optimal viewing position is at an object's center of gravity (or, perhaps, at its center, or slightly to the left of it (as it is for words). Our results did not allow such an analyses, because there was not enough spread in the landing positions. In other words, we could not test whether object processing benefits from an initial landing position on the center of gravity, as compared to a landing position somewhere else on the object. Future studies could solve this issue by manipulating the initial-fixation position (c.f. Foulsham & Kingstone, 2013 who are to our knowledge the first who employed this paradigm, and found an optimal viewing position at an object’s center. The center of gravity of their stimuli is not mentioned.).
																																																																Still, although these 'confounds' might indeed limit the bold conclusions that we can draw, these are 'confounds' especially because they occur naturally: When 'deciding' to visually inspect the mug on our table, our initial fixation brings the mug from peripheral into foveal vision, whereas the later-on-time-occuring subsequent fixations that we make on the mug are the result of (para)foveal processing. Disentangling the effects of time, distance, and semantics might therefore be unnatural. 
																																																																Still, we have the distributional analyses to shed some light on this.
																																																																Still, we could try to do so with experimental designs as the OVP paradigm suggested above.
																																																																
																																																																